i
hello youtube people like andan
again with you making a video
this time we are meeting for the
review and today we're going to be talking about
an author that I have not spoken until the
moment and that Mr. john katzenbach the
book precisely that we're going to be
teaching
the wrong man are the hot springs this
edition that I have is editions
hardcover pocket zeta with
printed jacket very cute this
edition has an approximate 550
pages
the pretty average letter has me pulling
for very comfortable very comfortable big
inta kidney above all
very good the edition of this book of
hard covers tell them what the
history the story are about ayo and
freeman a girl art student of
the university of boston that knows in
a night of partying with a man called
michael or with which we have here in
the lid
and well the very attractive name very
I bet good manners very formal very
Gentlemen in their way of expressing themselves
towards women and this girl
loved how was that boy and had
a one night romance left the
party to a department were
together they spent the night
the problem starts when the next day
this man starts to be very obsessive
with acne
for her this was not going to happen more than
one night and this man becomes
a psychopath who pursues her and is
obsessed with her and says he loves her and
who loves her and who wants them to live together
forever they will be that
they were born to be together and that never
nobody is going to separate us then this
man turns out to be a hacker who
sabotage all your contacts all your
all your couriers all around
family staff and mess with all his
family wants to isolate all its
environment to be able to possess it is
obsesses with this girl and the if life
impossible to that and all her family until
the point that the family has to leave
of the city ​​and hire a detective
private to investigate this man
and that please leave in peace but this does not
it will be enough to get rid of
michael or with him because he's going to go a lot
beyond
I assure you that in the book he will give you a
despair of wanting to grab this
man and kill him and make him pieces of what
exasperating and obsessive and possessive
what is really
It is a story
very good keeps you the whole book
tense the entire textbook because no
It will get only with Asia but to
put with his family with his father with his
mother with everyone there is nothing to this
man stop him nothing is an obsession
what do you have with this woman really that
despair despair
it's a super recommended book I just read
a long time ago about two years ago
and should read again because I
agreement that I liked a lot
very much
it's very easy it would be very easy maybe
John Kander at certain times
the book goes up much later it goes down a little
and then go up a little bit more, have those
ripples in the story but never
decays never details much
it starts very catchy very catching
maybe in the middle it's a bit more linear
but after very good the story as
follows and how it ends is a book that
I highly recommend this author
I loved it so I read
Recommended good people this is all
that what we're going to talk about the book of
john katzenbach and I hope you like it
the video I leave social networks
so that we contact each other thanks for the
likes to subscribe and comments
most comments respond
if I can I think I do not forget about
none of them love me when you
love and good see you next with
a new video
Y